TensorFlow Example Refactor for TensorFlow 2.0 (#1946)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/tensorflow/tf1/README.md

## MLflow with TensorFlow 1.X

> In this example, we train a `tf.estimator.DNNRegressor` on the TensorFlow [Boston Housing dataset](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~delve/data/boston/bostonDetail.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we train a [TensorFlow estimator](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/estimator) to predict house prices using the TensorFlow [Boston Housing dataset](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~delve/data/boston/bostonDetail.html).
```
Maybe make this description more high-level

> With MLflow, we use `mlflow.tensorflow.autolog()` along with `mlflow.log_param()` and `mlflow.log_metric()` in order to capture data about how we trained the target model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code is mostly pure TensorFlow - we add a call to `mlflow.tensorflow.autolog()` before training to record params & metrics from model training (e.g. model loss) as part of an MLflow run. After training, we save the fitted model to the same MLflow run via `mlflow.tensorflow.log_model`, allowing us to associate the model with training metrics & params. We then demonstrate how to load the saved model back as a generic `mlflow.pyfunc`, allowing us to make predictions on pandas DataFrames
```

Author: The code doesn't actually call `log_model`, only `classifier.export_saved_model` (which autolog patches over and calls from `log_model` from there). Should we revise the second sentence to reflect this?

We also use MLflow in order to generically save the model as a `mlflow.pyfunc`, then load it back to predict on pandas DataFrames.

### Code related to MLflow:
* [`mlflow.tensorflow.autolog()`](https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#automatic-logging-from-tensorflow-and-keras-experimental):
This is an experimental api that logs ML model artifacts and TensorBoard metrics created by the `tf.estimator` we are using.
The TensorBoard metrics are logged during training of the model. By default, MLflow autologs every 100 steps.
The ML model artifact creation is handled during the call to `tf.estimator.export_saved_model()`.

> * [`mlflow.log_param()`](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/python_api/mlflow.html#mlflow.log_param):

Reviewer: Does autolog log any params on its own? If so, we could get rid of the `mlflow.log_param` from our examples, I think it gets confusing the more MLflow code that's present

Author: Yup, autolog logs `batch_size` and `train_steps` if run with `mlflow run` (not directly from the command line). We can take `log_param` out.

This manually logs a parameter that autolog doesn't cover. In this example, we log the `hidden_units` parameter.

> * [`mlflow.log_metric()`](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/python_api/mlflow.html#mlflow.log_metric):

Reviewer: I think we can delete this since autolog should log some metrics

Author: So do we want to leave these examples to be centered around autologging and leave `log_metric` and `log_param` to frameworks without autologging?

Reviewer: Yeah I think that would be best (in an ideal world autologging would capture all the important metrics/params)
